[Autogenerated] Let's flip back to visual studio for a little
more fun with the database will actually connect to it and do
a little bit of interaction.
There's a really easy way to connect this database to the sequel
server Object Explorer in Visual studio Right Click on the instance
again and choose the ad to server explore.
This opens up the standard visual studio database Connection window,
but pre populates it with everything you need except
for the password to the server.
So all paste in my password.
We do have a small visual problem here.
Plural site videos get recorded at a low resolution,
and the sequel server Connection with No just doesn't fit.
So I'll move it up so you can see that there is indeed an O.
K button at the bottom, and I'll just hit Enter to finish this up.
The server Explorer opened up for me,
and there's the data connection for my instance.
Now all right,
click that and shoes browse in sequel server Object Explorer And there it is.
If I'm already in visual studio,
this object Explorer is definitely my go to for my sequel server databases.
I'll just expand it and There are the standard system
databases you'd expect to see in a sequel server and another
one that's added by AWS called RDS Edmon,
and we'll take one last look over in one of my
favorite tools as your data studio.
If you haven't used it yet, this is a wonderful database tool.
It's lightweight cross platform,
open source and free Microsoft created as your data studio.
For those of us who find Sequel Server management
studio to be overkill most of the time, I'll create a new connection.
And remember that I said the DB instance.
Endpoint is the server name.
The AWS tool kit back in visual studio makes it easy to copy that.
So ah,
flip back to visual studio where I can right click on the
instance and select copy address to Clipboard,
then back to Azure Data Studio,
and I can pace that into the text box to the server name.
The toolkit does add the port to the end of the server name,
and in this case, that's 14 33 which is the default anyway,
so you can leave it or delete it if you want Doesn't really make a difference,
then I can put in my sequel Log in credentials,
so we'll type in my user name and then password,
and I can connect already.
We can see the server and some details about it in the overview page,
and there are the databases.
I'll create a new one in there.
I'll start with a new query, and then I'll just use the built in sequel snippets.
And there's sequel Create database that makes it easy for me
because I cannot memorize home of the T sequel.
I'll type in a new database name, plural site test and run the command,
and there's the database.
So,
as you probably expected now that I'm connected to the sequel
server database instance managed by Amazon RDS,
I can work with it just like I'd work with any other sequel server database.
There's really not anything else we need to do here.
The database servers ready for action and in the next module will
connect an A s p dot net core a p I to this database using entity framework core and then I'll publish it to AWS